feat: add how to production docs (#47)
uibakery/self-hosted: README.md

./update.sh
```

# How to update licence key

To update your UI Bakery licence key, you need to change the corresponding variable:
```
UI_BAKERY_LICENSE_KEY=key_value
```
For docker-compose setup, the environment variables are located in `ui-bakery-on-premise/.env` file.
To restart your instance, use the following command:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

# UI Bakery in production

> UI Bakery installation ready for production out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI Bakery installation is ready for production out of the box.
```

> However, there are a bunch of additional setup steps we recommend doing   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is a bunch of additional setup steps we recommend following:   
```

 - Put your instance behind HTTPS.

>  - Use standalone database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Use a standalone database.
```

 - Enable automatic backups for instance and database machines.

>  - Store your environment variables in secure place like secrets manager or key vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Store your environment variables in a secure place like secrets manager or key vault.
```

Make sure you override the following variables:
```
UI_BAKERY_CREDENTIALS_SECRET
UI_BAKERY_JWT_SECRET
UI_BAKERY_JWT_REFRESH_SECRET
UI_BAKERY_CREDENTIALS_SECRET
```

> If you have used install script then your .env file already contains unique values for those vars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have used install script, then your .env file already contains unique values for those vars.
```

You can set the following environment variables to limit resource consumption (MB):
```
JAVA_OPTS=-Xmx1024m
NODE_OPTS=--max-old-space-size=1024
```

> You can estimate memory size for both variables with the multiplying below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can estimate memory size for both variables with the below multiplying:
```
